DOCPLAN-406: Provide feedback on OpenShift Virtualization documentation (#114346)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-feedback-on-openshift-virtualization.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * virt/support/virt-feedback-on-openshift-virtualization.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * ‎virt/support/virt-support-overview.adoc‎
```
From the file below, it looks like the assembly here is incorrect?

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="provide-feedback-on-red-hat-virtualization-documentation_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="virt-feedback-on-openshift-virtualization_{context}"]
```
ID must always match the filename of the module

= Provide feedback on {VirtProductName} documentation

[role="_abstract"]

> To report an error or request an enhancement in the documentation, log in to your Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account, then you will be prompted to create an account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To report an error or request an enhancement in the documentation, log in to your Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account, you will be prompted to create an account.
```

> To report an error or to improve our documentation, log in to your Red Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red Hat Jira account, then you will be prompted to create an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report an error or request an enhancement in the documentation, log in to your Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account, then you will be prompted to create an account.
```
- "improve our documentation" seems a little off here since the only option is for users to create an issue, not to actually contribute to the docs - provided suggested editing
- Red Hat should always have a non-breaking space

> .Procedure

Reviewer 2: We could add a step here for logging in (or list it as a prerequisite)

```suggestion
.Procedure

. Go to link:https://redhat.atlassian.net and log in or create a new account.
```

> . Click this link to create a link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?priority=10003&summary=%5BDoc%5D&pid=10270&issuetype=10016&components=13563[Jira issue] for {VirtProductName}.

Reviewer 2: "Click this link" isn't a valid way to do this per our style guides, IIRC. Here's a suggestion... although I am not 100% certain that having links here is ok for DITA. Please double check.

```suggestion
. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?priority=10003&summary=%5BDoc%5D&pid=10270&issuetype=10016&components=13563[Create a Jira issue for {VirtProductName} with the documentation component selected].
```

2. Enter a brief description of the issue in the *Summary*.
3. Provide a detailed description of the issue or enhancement in the *Description*. Include a URL to where the issue occurs in the documentation.

> 4. Click *Create* to create the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure

. Click this link to create a link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?priority=10003&summary=%5BDoc%5D&pid=10270&issuetype=10016&components=13563[Jira issue] for {VirtProductName}.
. Enter a brief description of the issue in the *Summary*.
. Provide a detailed description of the issue or requested enhancement in the *Description*. Include a URL to where the issue occurs in the documentation.
. Click *Create*.
```

- formatting - use the standard formatting for a numbered list instead of adding the numbers manually
- use the product name attribute
- I'm not sure if it's actually OK to include a link here - "Click this link..." seems off to me, and I'm not sure if this link is an exception to the conceptlinks rule for DITA?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/support/virt-support-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-feedback-on-openshift-virtualization_{context}"]
= Provide feedback on {VirtProductName} documentation

[role="_abstract"]

> To report an error or request an enhancement in the documentation, log in to your Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account, you will be prompted to create an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report an error or request an enhancement in the documentation, log in to your Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account and submit an issue. If you do not have a Red{nbsp}Hat Jira account, you are prompted to create an account.
```
Avoid future tense

.Procedure

> . Create a Jira issue for {VirtProductName} with the documentation component selected.

Reviewer: Is "documentation" the literal name of the component? I find this line confusing, we should make it clear what the actual component name is.

Author: @abrennan89 -- Thanks for pointing that out. I've updated the procedure to explicitly specify the CNV Documentation component in the Component field.

> .  Enter a brief description of the issue in the *Summary*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter a brief description of the issue in the *Summary*.
```
It looks like there's an unnecessary space here

. Provide a detailed description of the issue or requested enhancement in the *Description*. Include a URL to where the issue occurs in the documentation.
. Click *Create*.

.Additional resources

> * link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/secure/CreateIssueDetails!init.jspa?priority=1003&summary=%5BDoc%5D&pid=10270&issuetype=10016&components=13563[Jira issue tracker for {VirtProductName}]

Reviewer: Additional resources must be moved to the assembly (AsciiDocDITA.ConceptLink rule)
